samples: subsys: usb: shell: allow host-only operation (#105005)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/subsys/usb/shell/README.rst

Building and flashing
*********************

Assuming the board has a supported USB **device** controller, the example can be
built like:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/subsys/usb/shell
   :board: reel_board
   :gen-args: -DFILE_SUFFIX=device
   :goals: flash
   :compact:

Assuming the board has a supported USB **host** controller, the example can be
built like:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/subsys/usb/shell

>    :board: frdm_k11f

Reviewer: What board is `frdm_k11f`?

Author: This is a plain typo! In reaction to https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/105005#discussion_r3145695352 I tried to pick a board with `zephyr_uhc0` enabled, and found `frdm_k22f`.

What board should I target for the host-only operation?

   :gen-args: -DFILE_SUFFIX=host
   :goals: flash
   :compact:

Assuming the board has **both** a supported USB device and host controller

> (i.e. using an USB host shield), the example can be built like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the board has a supported USB device and host controller,
the example can be built like:
```

Also, I want to keep device_and_host, perhaps renamed to prj_device_and_host.conf. The meaning of `both` is unclear. I also prefer to explicitly describe how prj_*.conf is supposed to be used because things like `-DFILE_SUFFIX=both` are less accessible.

Author: done

I confirm native_sim works:

```
$ west twister -s sample.usbh.shell.virtual
...
$ twister-out/native_sim_native_64/host_gnu/samples/subsys/usb/shell/sample.usbh.shell.virtual/zephyr/zephyr.exe
uart connected to pseudotty: /dev/pts/3
*** Booting Zephyr OS build v4.4.0-1127-ga63b0b2b2587 ***
```

Then connecting to `/dev/pts/3` permits communication with the USB host and device shell to

   :goals: flash
   :compact:

> Assuming the board has a supported USB device controller, the example can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assuming the board has a supported USB host controller, the example can be
```
host not device

Author: Good catch.

built like:

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/subsys/usb/shell
   :board: nrf52840dk/nrf52840

>    :shield: sparkfun_max3421e

Reviewer 2: if we assume that the board ahs a host controller, then the shield should not be needed

Author: Very true, the description does say "assuming the board has a supported USB host controller", picking FRDM-RW612 in the meantime that nRF54LM20's DWC2 is ready.

Reviewer 2: still in it
